[telephone ringing]
-In jail?
-[SULLIVAN] [on phone] Yeah.
They're insisting that when
I entered the human world,
I did so illegally.
Demon Border Control's
questioning me.
[OPERA] [on phone]
I see.
So, how long
will your sentence be?
Whose side
are you on, anyway?!
They're just questioning me!
-[OPERA] Is it a false charge?
-Of course it is!
Besides, they'll never
find out.
[OPERA]
You just confessed.
Well, regardless,
something's definitely off here.
I'm sure Iruma's so worried
about me that he can't even eat.
Oh, I hate to think
of him starving!
Actually, he's...
...engrossed in his
after-dinner games.
[SULLIVAN]
He's gaming?!
No fair, no fair!
I'm getting out of here soon,
coming home,
and definitely going
to the Battler Party!
Make sure Iruma
doesn't stay up too late
and keeps himself warm!
Oh, and make sure
to read him
a bedtime story!
Also, be sure to tell him
I still love him very much,
even though
we're so far apart.
Sure.
[IRUMA] That Grandpa?
When's he coming home?
He won't be back for a while
because something came up,
but he says
there's nothing to worry about.
Oh, okay.
-[videogame explosion]
-Uh?
-[videogame beeping]
-Ohh!
[ELECTRONIC VOICE]
You lose
[NARRATOR]
Iruma Suzuki, age fourteen.
One day, he found himself
the grandson
of a demon named Sullivan.
Sullivan loves
and spoils Iruma
and is even sending him
to the most prestigious school
in the land.
But there is just one problem.
The school Iruma is attending
just so happens to be
the demon school
known as Babyls.
[IRUMA] I can't ever let them
find out I'm human,
or I'm gonna get eaten
for sure!
[IRUMA/ASMODEUS/CLARA]
"The Battlers' Presentation."
[DEMON CLOCK shrieking]
[NARRATOR] The demon version
of parents' day,
the Battler Party, was only
a few short days away...
...and all first-years
at the demon school Babyls
were, understandably,
nervous.
That's enough, numbskulls.
You all need to calm down.
But our parents
are going to be here!
[GOEMON]
I've got major anxiety.
In fact,
both of my parents will!
My big bro's coming.
So what about you?
Well, actually, my parents
will be busy that day,
but Grammy told me
she'd love to come!
I'm so nervous, Eggy-teach!
Is that weird?
I think it's weird!
[IRUMA]
All those families...
I never had the full
school experience
back in the human world.
And my parents never bothered
to come on parents' day.
I wonder what having
your family at school is like.
Darling Grandson!
Oh no! Suddenly I'm getting
a little nervous, too.
Guess what!
My family's coming!
There's Daddy, Mommy, Uu,
Keebow, Konchie,
Sin Sin,
and Ran Ran,
and so many others!
My big sister's
supposed to come,
but I'm not sure
she's gonna make it.
So, what are you even
worried about then?
Well, see, the girl's
unbelievably lazy.
Who's coming
from your fam, Sabro?!
My little sister,
Sylvia, in fact.
[KALEGO]
Silence.
You clowns.
All of you should be preparing
for this day,
lest you bring shame
upon yourselves.
Also, those staying overnight
will need permission slips.
[STUDENTS]
Yes, sir.
-[MOMONOKI] Professor Kalego.
-Hmm?
Would you mind coming to the
chair-demon's office, please?
[KALEGO] He was taken in
by Demon Border Control?
[MOMONOKI]
Yes. The chair-demon himself
reported to us from there.
[KALEGO]
What did he say?
[MOMONOKI]
Well, uh...
This mix-up may take
a while to blow over.
Therefore, Professor Kalego
should take over for me
-during my absence.
-I lost!
[KALEGO] Damn it.
That asinine chair-demon!
He knows we're all busy
with the Battler Party!
Wow, that's great, Kalego!
You're the natural choice,
but what horrible things
are they even accusing
the chair-demon of doing?
Yis, yis. This must be
some kind of horrible mistake.
That's what I'm saying!
They've got it wrong!
The DBC did some
half-assed investigation
and took him
on false charges, right?!
-I highly doubt that.
-Hmm?
If they're holding one
of the Three Greats,
Chair-Demon Sullivan,
then I'm certain
they must have a valid reason.
They have a valid reason
but not enough proof
to arrest him.
Is that what you mean?
[KALEGO] But if there's
no real evidence,
why'd they make a point
of detaining him right now?
Oh, Kalego!
I mean Acting Chair-Demon!
What could this po--
[KALEGO]
Something's not right.
[MOMONOKI]
What are you thinking?
As for what happens now,
we must brace for the worst.
Especially you teachers.
Remember to keep your guard up
at the Battler party.
-[TEACHERS] Yes, sir.
-[SUZIE] Yis, yis, understood.
[ROBIN]
Leave it to me, sir!
[MOMONOKI]
Kalego already fits the role
of acting chair-demon
so well!
You feeling the pressure,
Acting Chair-Demon?! Be honest!
You won't have to worry
about a thing,
Acting Chair-Demon!
I got you!
Call me that again,
and I'll throat-punch you!
'Kay, Acting Chair-Demon!
-[KALEGO grunts]
-[ROBIN screaming]
Hey, by the way, Azz,
who's coming
from your family?
[ASMODEUS] Uh, my mother said
she'll try to make it.
But I won't allow that.
Huh?
She'll be stopped.
Uh... I see.
[KIRIWO]
How nice.
I kinda miss
the ol' Battler Party.
Did your parents come
for yours, Kiriwo?
No, they didn't.
My senior from
the MagiApp Battler
showed up instead.
I guess... he's sort of like
a guardian to me.
A guardian, huh?
Well, remember,
I don't have much magic.
And my parents were
quite ashamed of that.
Things haven't been going well
with them, to be honest.
Yeah, I get what you mean.
[IRUMA'S DAD]
Let's sell Iruma to a demon!
[IRUMA'S MOM]
We'll make a fortune off him!
[IRUMA] I knew we had
the no-magic thing in common,
but this, too?
Aw, cheer up!
It'll be okay!
Stop that.
You're the only person
who gets cheered up that way.
Sorry for bringing up
such a depressing subject.
My guardian's a really
incredible person, though.
He still gives me
advice often.
[phone ringing]
Wow, speak of the devil,
that's him now!
Oh, that senior who--
[MAN] [shouting] I told you
to pick up after one ring,
you four-eyed dumbass!
[KIRIWO]
Oops, my bad, bro.
Oh yeah, some new members
have joined us.
He's kinda
on the intense side.
Yeah.
You don't say.
Yeah, you got it. Bye.
Sorry 'bout that.
Why don't we go get ready?
[IRUMA/ASMODEUS/CLARA]
Right!
[KIRIWO] He was mad because
I haven't made preparations yet.
He can be pretty tough
sometimes.
-Oh...
-Hey! Look!
Everybody's getting ready now!
[PEOPLE chattering]
Our presentation'll be great,
come on by!
-We have to make 666 of those.
-Right!
Wow!
Everyone is so excited!
I know, right?
And the Battler that gives
the bestest presentation
gets a prize.
The members might even
go up a rank.
-[PEOPLE cheering]
-[ALL] Huh?
[roars]
Behold, folks!
Whee!
[ASMODEUS] That's the
Magic Beast Battler's circus.
Looks like they're puttin' on
a fun show again!
Ahh! So cool!
Ah! Look, there's
the New Magic Battler!
[IRUMA] They seem a little
shady, but I'm curious.
-Ladies, ladies, ladies!
-Uh?
[CLARA] Ooh!
The Succubus Battler!
[CAMUI] The sexiness
they exude is so strong,
it's almost suffocating!
[BOTH]
Noice.
Wow, all these Battlers
are so flashy.
Right. So we can't let them
get ahead of us!
We're gonna have
to stand out!
-Yeah!
-[coughs]
-[IRUMA] Kiriwo!
-So tiny!
-We only have
a small fraction
of the space
all the other groups have.
It's smaller than
last year's even.
Hey, look,
the Storage Battler!
You're storage space
again this year?
Keep up the good work!
Thanks, you guys!
-Don't thank them.
-Huh?
They're clearly
making fun of you.
You should be mad.
Ah, I'm pretty used
to it by now.
[chuckles]
[KIRIWO]
I'm a third-year,
but I'm still Bet-ranked,
so they don't feel the need
to give me much budget or space.
-I'm real sorry about this.
-It's fine.
Yeah, we can do this!
What do you say? Come on!
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Yes, right you are!
Show us what you presented
last year!
[KIRIWO] I, uh, lined up
some new magical apparati.
Like this, see?
[IRUMA]
Yup! That's storage space!
[KIRIWO] But now I've got you
guys as new members this year,
so I'd love to hear
all of your ideas.
Well, I think...
I was really moved
by the light you created
with that magical apparatus,
so I'd love for others
to see it, too.
How about we use my flame magic
that symbolizes my family?
That might help
in some way.
I want something
that goes boom, then kaboom,
and then kablooey!
Something flashy like that!
You guys are
all over the place.
-[CLARA] B-b-b-boom!
-[IRUMA] Okay, then.
So thus far, we want light
and fire and also kablooeys.
Oh!
It's fireworks!
W-what about fireworks?
-Fire...
-Works?
They're, uh...
We fire shells filled
with gunpowder at the sky,
and then they explode.
Gunpowder exploding
in the sky?
And they'll shoot down demons
in flight?
-So it'll kill things?
-[IRUMA] That's not it!
They're just
for entertainment!
When they go off, they look
like flowers made of light!
Ah, for entertainment.
Flowers made of light.
Kablooming noses
in the night?!
[IRUMA]
I hope this works.
Hey, so, doesn't the
Battler Party go till night?
-Yup.
-[IRUMA] That's ideal, then!
They'll be at their prettiest,
and we'll stand out!
The Magical Apparatus Battler
will start with a bang!
-And besides...
-[ASMODEUS/KIRIWO/CLARA] Huh?
[IRUMA] ...who cares
about a small space,
we have the whole sky!
[BOTH]
Ahh!
[KIRIWO] Flowers in
the night sky sound lovely!
[CLARA]
Noses going kablooey!
Well done, Master Iruma!
Truly, you have a wonderful,
creative imagination!
But even so,
using gunpowder may prove
to be a little bit difficult.
Lots of mixing
and experimenting.
That's a good point.
We may not have enough time.
Well, on that note,
maybe it'd be easier
to experiment at night?
[KIRIWO]
In that case...
...let's go do the paperwork
to stay overnight.
[ALL]
We're gonna stay overnight?!
[CLARA] Pajamas!
Nightmare pillow!
Et cetera, et cetera!
Now, let's spend the night!
Knock it off!
You even laid out
the beds.
Now, nightmare pillow fight!
-Then horror stories!
-None of that!
Before all that,
we still have to experiment--
-[explosion booms]
-[IRUMA] Whoa!
[IRUMA/ASMODEUS/CLARA]
Are you alright?!
For starters, I tried mixing up
some gunpowder,
but I think I messed up.
I believe I've almost
got it, though.
We need fix you up first!
Don't worry none.
I ain't even hurt.
[ASMODEUS]
With an explosion that big?
[KIRIWO]
Well, let me explain.
Uh, you should just see
for yourself.
Iruma, let me see your hand,
would ya?
Uh, okay.
Wait, is this... a wall?
Hiyah!
Hey, there's something
right there!
My stars,
it's an invisible wall.
Oh, yay! Knock, knock.
Anybody home?
Isn't it great?
It's my bloodline ability,
Barrier.
And it's because of this power
that I've made it through,
despite my clear lack
of magic.
[IRUMA]
Oh, I see.
Though, I'll still cough up
blood due to shock
and the fireworks' kickback.
-[coughs]
-[IRUMA/CLARA gasp]
Is that so?
[KIRIWO]
I guess I didn't consider
that it's pretty difficult
to make something
you've never seen before.
-Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
-Yeah, you're right.
I'm still the only one
who's ever seen them.
If I could find an example.
-Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
-[IRUMA] Let me think.
Oh!
I'm surprised to see you.
Usually, I'm doing
the summoning.
Sorry, I know
this is last minute.
[AMERI]
Don't worry about it.
So...
...was this all
you needed me to bring?
[IRUMA] Yes!
I can't thank you enough!
[RIN]
Badump, badump, badump.
-Uh, hey.
-[KAKERU] Hmm?
[RIN]
Um...
Badump, badump, badump.
So, hey... Kakeru, I...
-...like--
-[KAKERU] Kaboom!
[RIN/KAKERU]
Boom, boom, kaboom!
[KAKERU] Sorry, I couldn't
quite catch that.
[IRUMA] Here! Fireworks
at the summer festival!
Yeah! The fireworks!
That was excellent!
Flowers blooming
in the night sky!
Oh, the real ones
must be beautiful, right?
The part where
he can't hear her
over how loud they are
is outstanding, too.
I know!
I love that scene so much!
[AMERI]
Agreed.
-I'll take that.
-Huh?
Now, let's read.
Where'd all that come from?
You're going to read me
this volume again, eh?
You are such a charmer.
-[IRUMA] Actually...
-Huh?
...I was hoping I could borrow
that book from you today.
Heeehhh!
H-huh?! Say what?!
No way, of course you can't!
-Could you consider it, please?
-No! Absolutely not!
These are vital,
forbidden texts
I received from my father.
I can't go lending them out
to just anyone!
Right, I understand.
I shouldn't have
asked you, sorry.
Come on, don't let him
get to you!
Alright, then.
I'll figure it out.
We'll try to make fireworks
with no example.
Wait. Make what, now?
Fireworks?
The night-blooming sky flowers?
Yeah. That's right.
I want to set some off
at the Battler Party.
[AMERI] I'll see
actual fireworks, for real!
Ameri?
Goodness, look how late
it's getting.
I am exhausted.
I'm so tired I might just
forget I left this book
right here
on the table accidentally,
-Oops.
-Huh?
But if I did,
I guess I could come
get it tomorrow evening.
Ah! Thank you
so much, Ameri!
No, I told you I'm just going
to accidentally forget it!
But still,
thanks for doing this!
Yeah. I am so gonna
make this work!
[KIRIWO/ASMODEUS/CLARA oohing]
[KIRIWO]
So that's what they look like!
[CLARA]
They're super pretty!
And nothing like
what I was picturing!
I've never seen
a book like this.
How curious.
So where did you find it?
Um, that's a secret.
Well, then,
let's reference this
as we do our experiments.
[IRUMA/ASMODEUS/CLARA]
Right!
-[explosion booms]
-You okay?!
I-I think I've almost got it.
[chuckles]
Now, twisty-twist
that screw!
Twisting!
I shall now fill this ball
with flame magic.
-[KIRIWO/IRUMA/CLARA] Whoa!
-[ASMODEUS chuckles]
Alright, here we go.
-[snaps fingers]
-[flame whooshing]
Let's light it up!
[fireworks whistling]
[fireworks explode]
[ALL]
Ahh!
[BOTH laugh]
[BOTH]
Ahh!
[IRUMA/CLARA]
We did it!
Absolutely stunning.
It's a little small,
don't ya think?
But it's really close
to actual fireworks, now!
All we gotta do
is make 'em bigger!
-[ASMODEUS/KIRIWO] Hmm.
-[CLARA] Mm-hmm.
What a cute bowtie!
It was all I had.
Azz, your pajamas are
so sophisticated!
The next time I order mine,
I'm going to get
a bowtie as well.
Right, then. Sleep time.
-[IRUMA] There he goes.
-[ASMODEUS] Ephemeral.
[CLARA]
He's see-through!
Come on, I'm not see-through.
I'm gonna go
turn out the lights.
-This is so exciting!
-Right?
Indeed. Tomorrow is our day!
Goodnight, you guys.
[IRUMA/ASMODEUS/CLARA]
Goodnight!
[switch clicks]
Horror story time!
-[IRUMA yelps]
-[giggles]
-Did I sca--
-Huh?
[screams]
What? Are you still not
tired enough to sleep?
Wh-what's the matter,
you guys?!
-It's Kiriwo's fault!
Well, Clara, I started
coughin' up blood
because your face
was so terrifying!
Yeah, Kiriyan was
a scarier horror story.
Hey, now!
[KIRIWO]
I always got yelled at
during demon horror stories.
And of course,
I'd start coughin' up blood,
so everyone would be more scared
of me than the story.
[IRUMA] What even are these
demon horror stories?
Let's have a nightmare
pillow fight!
-Uh, wait, but Kiriwo's not--
-[KIRIWO] Iruma.
Have you forgotten
my bloodline ability?
[CLARA]
Nightmare Pillow Fight, start!
The teams will be Kiriyan
and Iruma-kins
versus me and Azz-Azz!
[grunting]
Ooh! Whoa! Aah!
There! There! There!
We won't lose this.
You may be in charge,
but I'm not holding back!
Get down!
We're battling, Iruma, sir!
Let no punches be pulled!
Oh no-no-no-no-no!
Uh! Ooh! Uh! Ooh!
Ah! As expected,
I haven't hit you once.
In that case...
[IRUMA] I thought
we were sticking
to pillows?!
Huh? Kiriwo!
Go, Iruma,
before I reach my limit.
Oh right, gotcha!
Hey, Clara!
-[ASMODEUS] Wha... Wait!
-That pillow's mine!
Great, now's our--
[coughs]
Oh no.
I'm okay.
Do it, Iruma.
Get 'em.
[yelling]
Attack!
[ASMODEUS] Magnificent!
Amazing as usual, master!
-[CLARA] Give me it!
-[ASMODEUS] Valac, stop!
-[CLARA] Come on, give me!
-[IRUMA] I'm not done yet!
[ALL panting]
That was so much fun!
Just look at us.
We all got a bit too worked up.
So, this is a sleepover!
I've never had
so much fun
right before going to bed!
Tomorrow, I might not
be able to move.
Okay. Let's sleep, for real.
It's ironic.
This already feels like a dream.
I had three new students
join our Battler,
had a sleepover,
and even made something new.
I'm sure this Battler Party
will be the best one yet.
Bet you're right.
[chuckles]
Iruma, thank you so much.
This has been great.
Sure!
-[CLARA moaning]
-[ASMODEUS chuckles]
[IRUMA laughs]
This is sort of embarrassing.
-Yeah, kinda.
-[phone rings]
Whoops, sorry.
Get some sleep.
I have to take this
real quick.
-Hello--
-[MAN] Again, four eyes!
What did I say about
letting it ring more than once?!
Oh, I was just doing some work
with the other members.
[MAN]
Shut up! Don't care!
You better be getting ready!
Well, yes, of course I am!
[MAN]
Now, listen.
Don't screw this up.
Us two are gonna destroy
the demon school
Babyls together.
They're holding Sullivan
after the tip I gave them.
So he won't be back
at school for a while.
We've got some
decent pawns now, too.
The time for us to cause
a storm has come.
Make sure we have total access
to the machine. Got it?
Yes, sir.
It's good to go.
Su-Ki-Ma!
[videogame noises]
[ELECTRONIC VOICE]
Too bad, you lose.
Aw. I lost again.
You seem to be having fun
despite your loss.
Huh? Well, yeah,
I guess I am!
'cause, I mean, you know,
I never got the chance
to play fun videogames
with anyone else before,
so I'm happy!
That makes sense.
Let's go another round, then.
-Yeah!
-Last round, fight!
Wait, you're almost
out of life, Opera.
[OPERA] You don't play fair,
Iruma, sir.
-Really?
-[ELECTRONIC VOICE] You win!
-[beeping]
-Huh?
[CLARA] It's almost time
for the Battler Party!
We're all gonna have tons
of fun playing together!
We're gonna shoot fireworks
like boom!
And then shout
“Kaboom-Boom-Blooey!”
Next time,
"Kiriwo's Secret Room."
What's this about
Kiriyan's secret room?
Secret? Sugar? Sweets?
I'm gonna eat some sweets, too!
So yummy!
[sneezes]